Add changeset for #317 (#319)
keystonejs/create-keystone-app: .changeset/witty-humans-teach.md

---
'create-keystone-app': patch
'keystone-app': patch
---

> update dependencies for the latest `keystone-6` changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix dependencies and update schemas for the latest `keystone-6` release
```
